1.
Question 1
Fill in the blank: A computer virus is malicious _____ that interferes with computer operations and causes damage.

formatting

hardware

sequencing

code

Nice work
A computer virus is malicious code that interferes with computer operations and causes damage. A virus is a type of malware.

1 / 1 point
2.
Question 2
What is one way that the Morris worm helped shape the security industry?

It inspired threat actors to develop new types of social engineering attacks.

It led to the development of computer response teams.

It prevented the development of illegal copies of software.

It made organizations more aware of the significant financial impact of security incidents.

Nice work
The Morris worm helped shape the security industry because it led to the development of computer emergency response teams, now commonly referred to as computer security incident response teams (CSIRTs). 

1 / 1 point
3.
Question 3
What were the key impacts of the Equifax breach? Select two answers.

Millions of customers' PII was stolen.

Nice work
The key impacts of the Equifax breach were the fact that millions of customers' PII was stolen and that the significant financial consequences of a breach became more apparent. 

Developers were able to track illegal copies of software and prevent pirated licenses.

The significant financial consequences of a breach became more apparent.

Nice work
The key impacts of the Equifax breach were the fact that millions of customers' PII was stolen and that the significant financial consequences of a breach became more apparent. 

Phishing became illegal due to significant public outcry.

1 / 1 point
4.
Question 4
Social engineering, such as phishing, is a manipulation technique that relies on computer error to gain private information, access, or valuables. 

True

False

Nice work
Social engineering, such as phishing, is a manipulation technique that relies on human error (not computer error) to gain private information, access, or valuables. 

1 / 1 point

Your Grade is 100%. PASSED. 